Knowledge Base/getting-started-with-zudello/navigating-zudello.md, before:

# Navigating Zudello

We know that new systems take some getting used to. This short guide will teach you everything you need to know about moving around Zudello, so you can start saving time straight away.

## Modules and submodules

Zudello's modules keep separate areas of your business separate, so you can focus on what's important right now. Within each module, submodules further organise specific record types. Within each module, you can either click a specific submodule or click **All** to see every record within the module.
> E.g. in the purchasing module, click **Purchase Orders** to view only purchase orders or click **All** to see all purchasing documents including purchase orders, invoices, credits, and more.

## Understanding document status

Each submodule separates records by status to help you quickly identify records that need attention. For a full list and descriptions of each status, go to the knowledge base section for that module.

Focus your work by showing or hiding specific statuses. To do so:

1. Click the **Status** bar at the top right of your screen
2. Select the statuses you want to see and deselect the rest

> Tip: Click **Select/Deselect all** to save time when selecting multiple statuses

## Customising your view

### Change layout

Zudello offers multiple layouts to suit all users. To choose the layout that best suits you:

1. Click **Change Layout** at the top right
2. Choose from the three options:
   - List view
   - Board view
   - Table view

### Sort records

To change how records are sorted:

1. Click **Change Sorting**
2. Select your preferred sorting field
3. Click the sorting icon next to the field to toggle between ascending and descending order

## Filters and searching

### Using filters

Quickly find the records you need using quick or advanced filters. 

To add a quick filter:

1. Click the filter icon
2. Select option/s from one or more of the following drop-down menus
   - Subsidiary
   - Location
   - Supplier
   - Assigned to
3. Click **X** to close the filter menu
> Subsidiary and Location may be named differently, depending on your team's settings

To remove a quick filter:

 1. Click the filter icon
2. Click the already selected option under each drop-down menu
3. Click **X** to close the filter menu

To add an advanced filtering option:

1. Click **Add** under Advanced Filter
2. Select the field to filter on
3. Select an operator (e.g. is, is not, contains, starts with)
4. Enter your search value

To remove an advanced filter:

1. Click **Add** under Advanced Filter
2. Click the bin icon next to the filter you would like to remove
   or
2. Click **Clear all** to remove all advanced filters

### Using the search bar

Use the search bar to find specific records by number or reference number. The search always starts from the beginning of the field. For example, for invoice number ABC123, searching for "ABC" or "ABC123" will return the record. Searching for "123" won't return the record, and will instead return any records beginning with "123".

<!-- ## Zudello glossary

We know that you may not have come across some of our terms before, or you may use them differently than we do. The Zudello glossary will help you better understand commonly used Zudello terms.   
-->
## Need help?

Contact your organisation administrator or Zudello support for assistance with navigation and viewing options.

Commit message:

add doc statuses article (Empty)

Knowledge Base/getting-started-with-zudello/navigating-zudello.md, after:

# Navigating Zudello

We know that new systems take some getting used to. This short guide will teach you everything you need to know about moving around Zudello, so you can start saving time straight away.

## Modules and submodules

Zudello's modules keep separate areas of your business separate, so you can focus on what's important right now. Within each module, submodules further organise specific record types. Within each module, you can either click a specific submodule or click **All** to see every record within the module.
> E.g. in the purchasing module, click **Purchase Orders** to view only purchase orders or click **All** to see all purchasing documents including purchase orders, invoices, credits, and more.

## Understanding document status

Each submodule separates records by status to help you quickly identify records that need attention. For a full list and descriptions of each status, go to the knowledge base section for that module.

Focus your work by showing or hiding specific statuses. To do so:

1. Click the **Status** bar at the top right of your screen
2. Select the statuses you want to see and deselect the rest

> Tip: Click **Select/Deselect all** to save time when selecting multiple statuses

For more information on standard system statuses, see [Document Statuses](../document-management/document-statuses.md)
## Customising your view

### Change layout

Zudello offers multiple layouts to suit all users. To choose the layout that best suits you:

1. Click **Change Layout** at the top right
2. Choose from the three options:
   - List view
   - Board view
   - Table view

### Sort records

To change how records are sorted:

1. Click **Change Sorting**
2. Select your preferred sorting field
3. Click the sorting icon next to the field to toggle between ascending and descending order

## Filters and searching

### Using filters

Quickly find the records you need using quick or advanced filters. 

To add a quick filter:

1. Click the filter icon
2. Select option/s from one or more of the following drop-down menus
   - Subsidiary
   - Location
   - Supplier
   - Assigned to
3. Click **X** to close the filter menu
> Subsidiary and Location may be named differently, depending on your team's settings

To remove a quick filter:

 1. Click the filter icon
2. Click the already selected option under each drop-down menu
3. Click **X** to close the filter menu

To add an advanced filtering option:

1. Click **Add** under Advanced Filter
2. Select the field to filter on
3. Select an operator (e.g. is, is not, contains, starts with)
4. Enter your search value

To remove an advanced filter:

1. Click **Add** under Advanced Filter
2. Click the bin icon next to the filter you would like to remove
   or
2. Click **Clear all** to remove all advanced filters

### Using the search bar

Use the search bar to find specific records by number or reference number. The search always starts from the beginning of the field. For example, for invoice number ABC123, searching for "ABC" or "ABC123" will return the record. Searching for "123" won't return the record, and will instead return any records beginning with "123".

<!-- ## Zudello glossary

We know that you may not have come across some of our terms before, or you may use them differently than we do. The Zudello glossary will help you better understand commonly used Zudello terms.   
-->
## Need help?

Contact your organisation administrator or Zudello support for assistance with navigation and viewing options.
