Knowledge Base/2 Managing your account/Setting up default coding.md, before:

## Setting up default coding

Default coding automatically applies specific dimensions (subsidiary and location) to documents you manually upload. You can have have different default coding settings for each team you belong to.

> The subsidiary and location dimensions may be named differently within your team.

### Key points about default coding

- Default coding settings are team-specific
- Only applies to manually uploaded documents
- Can be overridden if your form settings allow for editing of subsidiary and location
- Does not affect documents emailed to Zudello

### Best practices

- Only apply default coding settings if you will be manually uploading documents regularly
- Review default coding settings when joining new teams
- Configure settings for each team you belong to
- Consider your team's common document types when choosing defaults 
- Remember that these settings only affect manually uploaded documents

## Configuring default coding

1. Click the company menu at the top right
2. Click **Profile**
3. Click the **Team settings** dropdown and select the team you want to configure default coding for
4. Click **Default Settings** to expand the menu
5. From the **Subsidiary** and **Location** dropdown menus, choose the subsidiary and location to apply to uploaded documents
6. Repeat steps 3-5 for all teams you belong to
7. Click **Update** to save your changes

## Need help?

Contact your organisation administrator or Zudello support for assistance with configuring default coding.

Commit message:

31 dec lunch time update
updates to getting started, manaing your account, user management and writing guide

Knowledge Base/2 Managing your account/Setting up default coding.md, after:

# Setting up default coding

Default coding automatically applies specific dimensions (subsidiary and location) to documents you manually upload. You can have have different default coding settings for each team you belong to.

> Note: the subsidiary and location dimensions may be named differently within your team.

### Key points about default coding

- Default coding settings are team-specific
- Only applies to manually uploaded documents
- Can be overridden if your form settings allow for editing of subsidiary and location
- Does not affect documents emailed to Zudello

### Best practices

- Only apply default coding settings if you will be manually uploading documents regularly
- Review default coding settings when joining new teams
- Configure settings for each team you belong to
- Consider your team's common document types when choosing defaults 
- Remember that these settings only affect manually uploaded documents

## Configuring default coding

To add or edit default coding:

1. Click the company menu at the top right
2. Click **Profile**
3. Click the **Team settings** drop-down and select the team you want to configure default coding for
4. Click **Default Settings** to expand the menu
5. From the **Subsidiary** and **Location** drop-down menus, select the subsidiary and location to automatically apply to uploaded documents
6. Repeat steps 3-5 for all teams you belong to
7. Click **Update** to save your changes

To remove default coding:

1. Click the **Team settings** drop-down and select the team you want to remove default coding for
2. Click **Default Settings** to expand the menu
3. From the **Subsidiary** and **Location** drop-down menus, select the subsidiary and location that are already selected
4. Repeat steps 1-3 for all teams you want to remove coding for
5. Click **Update** to save your changes

## Need help?

Contact your organisation administrator or Zudello support for assistance with configuring default coding.
