Knowledge Base/2 Managing your account/Setting your default team.md, before:

# Setting your default team

We know that you want to get straight to work when you log in to Zudello. Setting your default team ensures you'll immediately access the team where you do most of your work each time you log in.

## Best practices 

- Choose the team where you perform most of your daily tasks
- Review and update your default team if your primary responsibilities change
- Remember that you can still switch between teams even with a default team set
- Remember that manually uploaded documents will always be uploaded to the team you are currently in, regardless of your default team settings

## Setting up your default team

1. Click the company menu at the top right of your screen
2. Click **Profile**
3. Click the **Team settings** dropdown and select the team you want to set as your default
4. Click **Default Settings** to expand the menu
5. Turn on **Is default team for user**
7. Click **Update**

Your changes will take effect immediately. The next time you log into Zudello, you'll automatically access your default team.

## Need help?

Contact your organisation administrator or Zudello support if you need assistance with team settings.

Commit message:

31 dec lunch time update
updates to getting started, manaing your account, user management and writing guide

Knowledge Base/2 Managing your account/Setting your default team.md, after:

# Setting your default team

We know that you want to get straight to work when you log in to Zudello. Setting your default team ensures you'll immediately access the team where you do most of your work each time you log in.

## Best practices 

- Choose the team where you perform most of your daily tasks
- Review and update your default team if your primary responsibilities change
- Remember that you can still switch between teams even with a default team set
- Remember that manually uploaded documents will always be uploaded to the team you are currently in, regardless of your default team settings

## Setting your default team

To set your default team:

1. Click the company menu at the top right of your screen
2. Click **Profile**
3. Click the **Team settings** drop-down and select the team you want to set as your default
4. Click **Default Settings** to expand the menu
5. Turn on **Is default team for user**
7. Click **Update**

To remove your default team:

1. Click the company menu at the top right of your screen
2. Click **Profile**
3. Click the **Team settings** drop-down and select the team you want to remove as the default
4. Click **Default Settings** to expand the menu
5. Turn off **Is default team for user**
6. Click **Update**

To change your default team:

1. Follow the steps above to remove the user's default team
2. Follow the steps above to set a user's default team

Your changes will take effect immediately. The next time you log into Zudello, you'll automatically access your default team.

## Need help?

Contact your organisation administrator or Zudello support if you need assistance with team settings.
